{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 JSP\par
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
Q. What will be the output of the following JSP code assuming these are the only two \par
statements in JSP page? \par
\par
<%! Date today = new Date(); %>\par
<%= today %> \par
1). System date will be displayed in the browser\par
2). Exception reporting Date can not be converted in String is displayed\par
3). Exception report "Date can not be resolved" is displayed\par
4). Todays' date is displayed.\par
Solution :\par
option [3] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Which of the following are not valid JSP code fragments?           \par
1). <%@page import="java.util.*" %>\par
2). <%java.util.Date d = new java.util.Date(); out.println(d);   %>\par
3). <%! int c;%>\par
4). <%= String val = request.getParameter("hello");   out.println(val);  %>\par
Solution :\par
option [4] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. What will be the output of the following JSP code when requested in a browser? \par
<%= "Hello, Welcome to JSP" ; %>           \par
1). Browser displays "Hello, Welcome to JSP"\par
2). Browser displays blank page\par
3). Browser displays exception report\par
4). Browser displays Hello and error message\par
Solution :\par
option [3] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Which of the following attribute defines a jsp page as an exception handling pages?\par
1). exceptionPage\par
2). isErrorPage\par
3). isExceptionPage\par
4). errorPage\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. What is the best option in JSP syntax for : out.println("JSP is meant for minimal of \par
Java code"); \par
1). <% "JSP is meant for minimal of Java code"; %>\par
2). <% String jspStr = "JSP is meant for minimal of Java code";  out.println(jspStr);%>\par
3). <%= "JSP is meant for minimal of Java code" %>\par
4). <%= "JSP is meant for minimal of Java code" ; %>\par
Solution :\par
option [3] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Application is an implicit object of which interface or class?\par
1). HttpSession\par
2). GenericServlet\par
3). ServletConfig\par
4). ServletContext\par
Solution :\par
option [4] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. If you want to declare class variable in JSP, within what type of tags must you \par
declare the variable?\par
1). <%@   %>\par
2). <%!.... %>\par
3). <%.....%>\par
4). <%-- --%>\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Which of the following are the attributes of page directive?           \par
1). flush\par
2). buffer\par
3). textinfo\par
4). contentType\par
Solution :\par
option [2,4] are correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Given \par
\par
a. jspInit()\par
b. jspDestroy()\par
c. Transalation\par
d. _jspService()\par
e. Compilation\par
\par
What is the proper order of execution?          \par
1). a b c d e\par
2). c e a d b\par
3). e c a d b \par
4). e c a b d \par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Which of the following are not valid?\par
1). <% @page import="java.util.*,java.io.*"%>\par
2). <% @page errorPage="true" %>\par
3). <% @page isErrorPage="error.jsp" %>\par
4). <% @page include="pic1.jpg"%>\par
Solution :\par
option [2,3,4] are correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Which set of tags/attributes  are used to set all the properties of a bean to the form \par
parameters where request parameter and bean properties match ?  \par
1). <jsp:setProperty name="beanName" \par
     property="propName" param="paramName"/>\par
2). <jsp:setProperty name="beanName" \par
     property="*"/>\par
3). <jsp:setProperty name="beanName" \par
     property="propName" \par
     value="<%= expression %>"/>\par
4). <jsp:setProperty name="beanName"\par
     property="propName" value="string constant"/> \par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. JavaBeans methods are all _________________ .\par
1). Identical to methods of other Java classes\par
2). Event\par
3). Listener Methods\par
4). Properties\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Consider the following scenario:\par
\par
Statement A: <jsp:include/> standard action inserts the response of a jsp page at rutime.\par
Statement B: include directive inserts the source of a jsp page at translation time.\par
\par
Which one of the following is correct with respect to the above? \par
1). Statement A is true and B is false\par
2). Statement A is false and B is false\par
3). Statement A is true and B is true\par
4). Statement A is false and B is true\par
Solution :\par
option [3] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Which of the following are attributes of  <jsp:useBean> standard action?\par
1). scope\par
2). bean\par
3). type\par
4). beanName\par
Solution :\par
option [1,3,4] are correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Given:\par
\par
<c:forEach var="x" begin="1" end="20" step="3">\par
$\{x\}\par
</c:forEach>\par
\par
What will be the output?    \par
1). 1 4 7 10 13 16 19 \par
2). 0 3 6 9 12 15 18\par
3). 1 3 6 9 12 15  18\par
4). None of the above\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
\par
\par
\par
Q. When a _____________ is invoked, it causes the web container to return to the \par
browser indicating that a new URL should be requested. \par
1). forward action\par
2). sendRedirect() method\par
3). include action\par
4). none of the above\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. <jsp-property-group>\par
    <url-pattern>/others/checkScripting.jsp</url-pattern>\par
    <scripting-invalid>false</scripting-invalid>\par
   </jsp-property-group>\par
  </jsp-config>\par
\par
What is the purpose of the above JSP configuration tag in Web.xml file?\par
1). The scripting is fobidden since value for scripting-invalid\par
attribute is false\par
2). Blank page will be displayed\par
3). The scripting is not forbidden  since value for scripting-invalid\par
attribute is false\par
4). The Jsp Compiler will give the error for it.\par
Solution :\par
option [4] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Which tags will be used to pass the request object of the current page to CourseDets.jsp \par
page with coursename as  J2EE?\par
1). <%@ include file = "CourseDets.jsp" %> <jsp:param name = coursename value = "J2EE" />\par
2). <jsp:forward page="/CourseDets.jsp"> \par
      <jsp:param name="coursename" value="J2EE" /> \par
     </jsp:forward>\par
3). <jsp:forward page="/CourseDets.jsp"> \par
      <jsp:param coursename = "J2EE" /> \par
     </jsp:forward>\par
4). All of the above \par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. What does the flush attribute of <jsp:include> action represent ? \par
1). a mechanism for including additional static and dynamic resources in the current JSP page\par
2). an optional Boolean value, stating whether or not the buffer should be flushed.\par
3). the relative URL of the resource to be included.\par
4). a mandatory Boolean value, stating whether or not the buffer should be flushed.\par
Solution :\par
option [4] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Set of web designers want to design a shopping site. Task is to display all the items \par
which have been purchased. No one has programming language , but can use tag library. \par
They have not been provided with any kind of domain functionality tags. How can they \par
solve this problem? \par
1). Usage of JSTL <c:forEach> tag\par
2). Code fragment in Scriptlets\par
3). <xsl:for>\par
4). None of the above\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
SERVLETS\par
\par
____________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
Q. Fill in the blanks to complete following:\par
\par
public class DemoServlet extends HttpServlet \{\par
  public void doGet(HttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse res)\par
                      throws ServletException, IOException \{\par
       res.setContentType("text/plain");\par
        ___________ out = res.getWriter();\par
        Enumeration headernames = req.getHeaderNames();\par
        while (headernames.___________) \{\par
              String name = (String) headernames.nextElement();\par
              String value = req.________\par
              if (value != null) \par
                  out.println(name + ": " + value);\par
         \}\par
  \}\par
1). PrintWriter, hasMoreElements();, getHeader(name);\par
2). getRemoteHost();,getRemoteAddr();,getRemoteAddres();\par
3). StringBuffer, hasNextElement(), getValue()\par
4). PrintWriter, hasNext();, getParameter(name);\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
\par
\par
\par
Q. What does the following code do? \par
\par
<FORM action="/EchoServlet" ENCTYPE="multipart/form-data" method="post">\par
       .................. \par
<INPUT name="file" type="file">\par
1). Allows to upload file of any type\par
2). Allows to download file of any type\par
3). Allows to select a file type\par
4).  All of the above\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
\par
\par
\par
Q. Which is the correct annotation to define a servlet initialization parameter?        \par
1). @WebServlet(\par
  urlPatterns = \{ "/DemoServlet" \}, \par
  initParamaters = \{ \par
    @WebInitParam( name = "length", value = "10"), \par
    @WebInitParam(name = "breadth", value = "20")\par
  \})\par
\par
2). @WebServlet(\par
  urlPatterns = \{ "/DemoServlet" \}, \par
  initParam = \{ \par
    @WebInitParams((name = "length", value = "10"), \par
(name = "breadth", value = "20")\par
  \})\par
\par
3). @WebServlet(\par
  urlPatterns = \{ "/DemoServlet" \}, \par
  initParams = \{ \par
    @WebInitParam( "length",  "10"), \par
    @WebInitParam( "breadth", "20")\par
  \})\par
\par
4). @WebServlet(\par
  urlPatterns = \{ "/DemoServlet" \}, \par
  initParams =\{ ("length", "10"), \par
 ("breadth","20")\par
  \}\par
  \})\par
\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Match the following: \par
\par
a.getParameter()                     \par
b.getParameterNames()           \par
c.getParameterValues()          \par
\par
i. String[]\par
ii. String\par
iii. Enumarator\par
1). a.i\par
b.ii\par
c.iii\par
2). a.ii\par
b.i\par
c.iii\par
3). a.ii\par
b.iii\par
c.i\par
4). a.i\par
b.iii\par
c.ii\par
Solution :\par
option [3] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. Given:\par
\par
 i. load the servlet class\par
ii. init()\par
iii. destroy()\par
iv. service()\par
 v. instantiate \par
\par
Life cycle of Servlet, arrange it in proper order of execution.   \par
1). i, ii, iv, iii, v\par
2). i, v, ii, iv,iii\par
3). v, i, ii, iv,iii\par
4). i,v,iv,ii,iii\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
Q. When using HTML forms which of the folowing is true for POST method?  \par
1). POST allows users to bookmark URLs with parameters. \par
2). The POST method should not be used when large amount of data needs to be transferred\par
3). POST allows secure data transmission over the http method.\par
4). POST method sends data as payload, in the body of the request\par
Solution :\par
option [4] is correct\par
\par
Q. Which of the following methods in an HttpServlet should be overridden if required?\par
\par
1)init()\par
2)service(HttpServletRequest,HttpServletResponse)\par
3)destroy()\par
4)doGet(HttpServletRequest,HttpServletResponse)        \par
1). 1,2,3\par
2). 1,3,4\par
3). 2,3,4\par
4). 1,2,4\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
\par
Q. ______ method returns the extra path information translated to a real file system path.         \par
1). HttpServletRequest.getPathTranslated( ) \par
2). HttpServletRequest.getPathInfo( )\par
3). HttpServletRequest.getParameterValues\par
4). None of the above\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
\par
\par
\par
Q. The HTTP request headers 'accept' specifies ______.          \par
1). Information about client software\par
2). MIME types that client accepts\par
3).  language(s) that client can receive\par
4). encoding format that client can use\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
\par
\par
\par
Q. The getParameter() method belongs to _______.           \par
1). Servlet\par
2). ServletRequest\par
3). ServletResponse\par
4). All of the above\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
}
 