{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 =================================================================================\par
1Q.Given the book_master table \par
            Book_code     Number(5) \par
             Book_Name   varchar2(40) \par
             Pub_year        number(4)\par
\par
       I would like to print a report classifying   the books  on the following basis \par
                 Publishing year                   Edition  \par
                Between   1973 and 1999         "Old "\par
                     >= 2000                            "New" \par
\par
How   can I achieve this  ?\par
1). Using a  CASE statement\par
2). Using a WITH statement\par
3). Using a DECODE  function\par
4). Need to write a PL/SQL statement for  doing this\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
2Q. SELECT dept_code, staff_name, staff_sal\par
FROM Staff_Master \par
ORDER BY dept_code, staff_sal\par
\par
What is true regarding the above query?\par
1). Sorts the records based on dept_code\par
2). Sorts the records based on staff_sal and then dept_code\par
3). Sorts the records based on staff_sal\par
4). Sorts the records based on dept_code and then staff_sal\par
Solution :\par
option [4] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
3Q. Given the structure of the BOOK_MASTER Table  \par
BOOK_ID VARCHAR2(20)\par
BOOK_NAME VARCHAR2(30)\par
what will be the output of the following  query \par
 SELECT book_name \par
 FROM Book_master\par
WHERE book_name LIKE '%JAVA%' OR '%C%'\par
1). All books which has JAVA and C somewhere in the book name\par
2). All books with book name starting with JAVA\par
3). No output\par
4). error in the query\par
Solution :\par
option [4] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
4Q. Assuming today is Monday, 10 July 2000, what is returned by this statement: \par
SELECT to_char(NEXT_DAY(sysdate, 'MONDAY'), 'DD-MON-YY') FROM dual;     \par
1). 17-Jul-00\par
2). 17-JUL-00\par
3). Jul-17-00\par
4). 17-7-00\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
==================================================================================5Q. I would like to find out number of employees in all departments, except department 10.  \par
Smith writes the query below . Which of the following comments is most appropriate \par
for the query ?\par
\par
                SELECT  dept_code , count(staff_code)\par
                FROM  staff_master \par
                GROUP BY dept_code \par
                HAVING dept_code <> 10\par
1). Error : No need to use a having clause , WHERE clause can be used  instead\par
               \par
2). Query is perfect\par
               \par
3). Error : Condition is wrong , it should be \par
                          HAVING dept_code = 10\par
               \par
4). Error : HAVING  must have only an aggregating column\par
               \par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
6Q. In which of the Following persistence life cycle state the object is not yet associated with an Entity Manager \par
1). Managed\par
2). New\par
3). Detached\par
4). Removed\par
Solution :\par
option [2] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
7Q. What is the use of "contains" EntityManager  method\par
1). Returns true if the entity instance is in the persistence context. This signifies that the entity instance is managed\par
2). Clears the entities from the persistence context\par
3). Persists the entity object\par
4). Detaches an entity from the persistence context\par
Solution :option [1] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
8Q. Select the correct statement?\par
1). JPA need ORM implementation to work\par
2). ORM framework that can use with JPA are TopLink,OpenJPA & Hibernate\par
3). JPA is database\par
4). All of Above\par
Solution :\par
option [1,2] are correct\par
=================================================================================\par
9What are the advantages of JPA? Select the correct options.\par
1). Database independent.\par
2). Concurrency support.\par
3). Easy maintenance and increases productivity\par
4). All of Above\par
Solution :\par
option [4] is correct\par
==================================================================================10Q. What is the use of EntityManagerFactory class?\par
1). Designed to create EntityManager. \par
2). Designed to create Persistance. \par
3). Responsible for creating EntityManager instance. It is obtained using Persistence class's createEntityManagerFactory static method. \par
4). Designed to create Entity. \par
Solution :\par
option [1,3] are correct\par
====================================================================================================================================================================\par
1Q. Which of the following are  in-correct w.r.t subquery ?\par
1). Subquery can contain ORDER BY clause\par
2). Subquery can contain GROUP BY clause\par
3). Subquery can contain WHERE clause\par
4). Subquery can contain AGGREGATE functions\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
2Q. Which of the following subquery is correct for displaying the employee name along with the hiredate of those employees who joined the organization earliest ?\par
1). SELECT ename,hiredate FROM emp WHERE hiredate IN\par
(SELECT min(hiredate) FROM emp )\par
2). SELECT ename,hiredate FROM emp WHERE hiredate IN\par
(SELECT max(hiredate) FROM emp )\par
3). SELECT ename FROM emp WHERE hiredate IN\par
(SELECT max(hiredate) FROM emp GROUP BY hiredate)\par
4). SELECT ename FROM emp WHERE hiredate IN\par
(SELECT max(hiredate) FROM emp GROUP BY empno)\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
3Q. Examine the structure of table EMP1:\par
\par
Name                Null?                       Type \par
EMPID              NOT NULL              NUMBER(2) \par
EMPNAME                                     VARCHAR2(10) \par
DEPTNO           NOT NULL               NUMBER(2)\par
JOB                                                VARCHAR2(50)    \par
\par
SQL>alter table emp1 set unused (job, empname);\par
\par
What is true related to the above example?\par
1). DESC EMP1; displays the structure of EMP1 table excluding the columns JOB and EMPNAME.\par
2). Data dictionary USER_COL_TABS maintains information of the tables with columns \par
     marked as "unused"\par
3). Marking the columns as unused release the space occupied by them back to the database\par
4). None of the above. \par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
============================================================================\par
4Q. Which constraint cannot be applied as a table level constraint ?\par
1). not null\par
2). primary key\par
3). foreign key\par
4). unique\par
Solution :\par
option [1] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
5Which of the following are in-correct w.r.t foreign key column values?\par
1). Foreign key column can contain null values\par
2). Foreign key column can contain duplicate values\par
3). Foreign key column can contain values not present in its corresponding primary key column\par
4). Foreign key column must contain values present in its corresponding primary key column\par
5). Foreign key and the primary key it is referring to can be present in the same table\par
Solution :\par
option [3] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
6Q. Which of the following statements are correct w.r.t database objects\par
1). The value of sequencename.currval can be fetched before sequencename.nextval is issued\par
2). Synonym for a procedure can be created\par
3). It is possible to update all the tables on which the view is based\par
4). Oracle automatically creates an index for every primary/unique key constraint declared\par
Solution :\par
option [2,4] are correct\par
==================================================================================7Q. See the below data.\par
\par
EMP_ID     DEPT_ID       COMMISSION\par
\par
1                  10                  500\par
2                  20                  1000\par
3                  10\par
4                  10                  600\par
5                  30                  800\par
6                  30                  200\par
7                  10\par
8                  20                  300\par
\par
The COMMISSION column shows the monthly commission earned by the employee.\par
Which of the tasks would require sub queries in order to be performed in a single step?\par
1). deleting the records of employees who do not earn commission\par
2). increasing the commission of employee 3 by the average commission earned in \par
     department 20\par
3). finding the number of employees who do NOT  earn commission and are working \par
     for department 20\par
4). inserting into the table a new employee 10 who works for department 20 and earns \par
     a commission that is equal to the commission earned by employee 3\par
Solution :\par
option [2,4] are correct\par
==================================================================================\par
8QQ. Which option should be used to create a view only if the base tables exist?\par
1). Replace\par
2). Force\par
3). NoForce\par
4). With Check Option\par
Solution :\par
option [3] is correct\par
=================================================================================\par
9Q. Deletion of the database objects can be achieved using following command?\par
1). DELETE\par
2). TRUNCATE\par
3). DROP\par
4). All the above\par
Solution :\par
option [3] is correct\par
==================================================================================\par
10Q. Which are the valid multi row subquery operators ?\par
1). =\par
2). IN\par
3). >\par
4). >=ANY\par
Solution :\par
option [2,4] are correct\par
=================================================================================\par
}
 